Psalm 21 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 21 to the chief musician a psalm of David the King shall have joy in your
of David the King shall have joy in your
of David the King shall have joy in your strength O Lord and in your salvation
strength O Lord and in your salvation
strength O Lord and in your salvation how greatly shall he rejoice you have
how greatly shall he rejoice you have
how greatly shall he rejoice you have given him his heart's desire and have
given him his heart's desire and have
given him his heart's desire and have not withheld the requests of his lips
not withheld the requests of his lips
not withheld the requests of his lips for you meet him with the blessings of
for you meet him with the blessings of
for you meet him with the blessings of goodness
goodness
goodness you set a crown of pure gold upon his
you set a crown of pure gold upon his
you set a crown of pure gold upon his head he asked life from you and you gave
head he asked life from you and you gave
head he asked life from you and you gave it to him length of days forever and
it to him length of days forever and
it to him length of days forever and ever his glory is great in your
ever his glory is great in your
ever his glory is great in your salvation honor and Majesty you have
salvation honor and Majesty you have
salvation honor and Majesty you have placed upon him for you have made him
placed upon him for you have made him
placed upon him for you have made him Most Blessed forever
Most Blessed forever
Most Blessed forever you have made him exceedingly glad with
you have made him exceedingly glad with
you have made him exceedingly glad with your presence for the King trusts in the
your presence for the King trusts in the
your presence for the King trusts in the Lord and through the mercy of the Most
Lord and through the mercy of the Most
Lord and through the mercy of the Most High he shall not be moved your hand
High he shall not be moved your hand
High he shall not be moved your hand will find all your enemies your right
will find all your enemies your right
will find all your enemies your right hand will find those who hate you you
hand will find those who hate you you
hand will find those who hate you you shall make them as a fiery oven in the
shall make them as a fiery oven in the
shall make them as a fiery oven in the time of your anger the Lord shall
time of your anger the Lord shall
time of your anger the Lord shall swallow them up in his wrath and the
swallow them up in his wrath and the
swallow them up in his wrath and the fire shall devour them their offspring
fire shall devour them their offspring
fire shall devour them their offspring you shall destroy from the earth and
you shall destroy from the earth and
you shall destroy from the earth and their descendants from among the sons of
their descendants from among the sons of
their descendants from among the sons of men for they intended evil against you
men for they intended evil against you
men for they intended evil against you they devised a plot which they are not
they devised a plot which they are not
they devised a plot which they are not able to perform therefore you will make
able to perform therefore you will make
able to perform therefore you will make them turn their back
them turn their back
them turn their back you will make ready your arrows on your
you will make ready your arrows on your
you will make ready your arrows on your string toward their faces be exalted O
string toward their faces be exalted O
string toward their faces be exalted O Lord in your own strength we will sing
Lord in your own strength we will sing
Lord in your own strength we will sing and praise your power